[MUSIC]
So that's how we do various
transformations of our data.
But these are very simple
mathematical operations.
Let's do an advanced data transformation.
So we're gonna use what's called
the apply function to do a kind of a,
let's call it a advanced
transformation of our data.
So this is going to be pretty cool.
So we're gonna use it to
define a new function,
we're gonna do a bunch of things here.
So here's what I wanna do,
we're gonna look at the column country.
Let's just say there's
a little bug in my data set.
Some people's country United States.
And some people country is USA,
some people country is United States, so
if you just view the [INAUDIBLE] model
they will think USA is a different
country from the United States.
And you wanna make sure
that it's the same country.
So I am gonna take everywhere it says USA
and substitute that with United States.
So we get different counts.
So right now for example,
if I do sf of country dot show.
So if I just show that you will see
that United States has two counts and
USA has one count over here.
And that's kind of a problematic thing.
So let's fix that.
So the first thing I'm gonna do
is create the function that,
if the input is United States,
USA would change to United States.
So let's define a function,
we talked about how to define a function
I'm gonna call it transform_country.
And it takes me to import a country and
you put a colon in the end, press Enter
and you have to align things vertically.
So it says,
if the country is equal to USA,
then we're gonna return United States.
So this way we normalize the data.
Else, so if it's not United States,
we don't do anything.
So we just return the country as it was.
So we created this function
transform country, so
we can now execute that action.
So let me just show you
what happens as an example.
So if I compute transform_country and
give it input Brazil, it returns Brazil.
It doesn't do anything.
And in fact,
[LAUGH] if I get it input Brasil.
We say Brasil.
And it has an S, not a Z,
also returns with an S.
This is a normalize between
the English version of Brazil and
the Portuguese version of Brasil.
But if you give as input,
transfer country USA,
you'll see that it returns United States.
So it's gonna fix that kind of mistake.
Now, what I wanna do is go line
by line in my data set and
whenever I see the word United States in
the country column, I wanna change that.
So USA in the country column,
it changed to United States.
So I wanna apply this transform_country
to every row of the data.
And you could create a for loop,
and that could be kind of annoying.
And this is where the apply
function comes in.
So here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm going to run a function
on the country column.
And what apply does it takes
this function transform
country that we defined transform
country and apply it row by row.
Let's see what the output would be.
So if I run it row by row it says,
it prints some statistics, but
it says, United States, Canada, England,
United States Poland, United States.
So all the USAs changed to United States.
And now, what I could do is say,
I wanna take my country column,
and I'm gonna fix it by saying, take
what it used to be, the country column,
and apply this transformation
to every single line,
and just store it back
into the country column.
And now, if you look at our SFrame,
you'll see that you have United States.
No USA in this column.
Great.
So we've seen how to create functions,
how to transform some columns,
how to create new columns with SFrames.
and how to show our data.
Now, this tools GraphLab I'm creating
in SFrame is what we're gonna be using
throughout this course.
And you will see many ways of applying it,
and using it, and
it's gonna make it really easy
to build some of the intelligent
applications that we're
building in this first course.
[MUSIC]